---
title: Novmal day
author: derek
date: 2025-07-11 22:48:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging]
tags: [writing]
render_with_liquid: false
---

I try to write a blog every day. Even though every day feels the same to me, writing something helps me feel like I’m making progress,
 like I’m importing something meaningful into my life.
I’ve been writing blogs since I was 22 or 23, I think? But you know, writing on the internet always comes with risks. 
What kind of risks? The biggest one is losing everything you’ve written. My first blog was on MSN Spaces. 
I remember it fondly—it was so nice. You could customize everything: background, music, photos. 
But if you added too much, it would lag. So I kept it simple—just writing and sharing with friends.

It was fun. But like I said, there’s always a risk. I lost everything from that site. I had a backup,
 but it was a compressed file, and honestly, I forgot where I saved it. It’s okay though—not everything needs to be saved.

Now, I write in Markdown and save everything on GitHub (I hope GitHub lasts forever). I also bought a domain. 
It’s not forever, but it’s good for now. Everything is easier now—easy to back up, easy to publish, easy to make it look good.
 I just want to leave something on the internet. To prove I lived.

Life Update
August will be my last month at ZT Systems. I feel a little sad, but it’s okay. I won’t talk much about the company, 
but I can talk about myself. I already bought a ticket to go back to Hong Kong for a month.

I’m still looking for a new job. The market feels a bit tough right now—I'm not sure. Last year, 
I told myself I should build something. Not something big—just start. But unfortunately, I didn’t do anything. I lost too much time.
But now! I built a blog website. Cool, right? I’ll keep building it, and I hope I can keep doing it until the day I die.

What I’ve Built So Far
Blog – for writing notes and thoughts
AI Chat – though it’s slow on my cloud server, my PC is much better
Proxy Server
Docker
Jupyter Server – I want to use it for Kaggle
What I Want to Learn
Music Tools – I’m not sure what tools to use yet, but I recommend open-source ones
3D Projects – I already have some ideas
AI for Trending Stocks and Crypto – many people are doing this; I’ve watched some YouTube videos and I’m still learning
Data Projects – I want to do something on Kaggle, but I don’t have a clear idea yet
What I Want to Do for Fun
Guitar – my first instrument
Piano – just started, but I don’t have space, so I keep it on my bed… so sad
Running – I haven’t run in a long time. I thought I’d run more in the US than in Hong Kong, but actually, no. My area doesn’t have a good place to run, and I don’t like driving, so I don’t run much.
Final Thoughts
Is it too much? Maybe. I want to do so many things. But I also sleep too much. I should start now. Don’t change too much—just begin.

new thought
create a trying website that update the news for trying everydays